1 console.log("Hello World");
2 Print the numbers from 1 to 5 to the console using a loop.
3 Write a function to add two numbers and return the result.
4 Create a function to calculate the area of a rectangle given its width and height.
5 Write a function that takes a string and returns the reversed version of it.
6 Write a function that checks if a number is even or odd and returns "Even" or "Odd" accordingly.
7 Create a program that checks if a given year is a leap year.
8 Find the sum of all elements in an array.
9 Create an object representing a car with properties like make, model, and year.Add a method to the car    object to start the engine.
10 Change the text of a paragraph on a webpage using JavaScript.
11 Create a button dynamically and add it to the webpage. 
12 Add a click event listener to a button that displays an alert when clicked.
13 Write a function that calculates the factorial of a given number.
14 Create a function that generates a random number between a given range.
15 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns a new array with only the even numbers.
16 Use `map()` to double all the elements in an array.
17 Find the largest element in an array using the `reduce()` method.
18 Remove all occurrences of a specific element from an array.\
19 Create a function that displays the current date and time in a specific format.
20 Implement a try-catch block to handle an error that occurs during API data fetching.
21 Write a recursive function to calculate the factorial of a given number.
22 Implement a recursive function to find the nth Fibonacci number.
23 Create a counter function using closures that increments and returns the count on each call.

24 Implement a private variable using closures.
25 Create a prototype for a Product object with properties like name, price, and quantity. Add a method to the Product prototype to calculate the total value.
26 Implement a function that makes multiple API calls and processes the data using callbacks.
27 Use Promises to load multiple images asynchronously and display them on a webpage
28 Use Promises to load multiple images asynchronously and display them on a webpage.
29 Rewrite the previous exercise using async/await.
30 Implement an async function to fetch data from an API and handle errors using try/catch.
32 Implement a form validation function that checks if all required fields are filled out.
31 Create an image gallery using dynamically generated elements.
33 Create multiple nested elements and observe the event bubbling and capturing behavior.
34 Implement a click event on a parent element that triggers different actions based on which child element was clicked.
35 You are tasked with creating a countdown timer using JavaScript and the setInterval function. The countdown timer should start at 1 minute (60 seconds) and update every second until it reaches 00:00. When the countdown reaches zero, an alert should pop up to notify that the countdown is completed.
36 Write the JavaScript code to implement the quote-changing feature.
37 Write a regular expression to validate an email address.
39 Destructure an object to get its properties.
40.Create a class representing a Book with properties like title, author, and year.Add a method to the Book class to get the book's age (current year - year of publication).
41 Create a subclass `Magazine` that extends the `Book` class with an additional property `issue`.Add a method to the `Magazine` class to get the magazine's issue number.
42 Create an object `person` with properties like name and age. Then, create a new object `student` that inherits from `person` and has an additional property `studentId`.Add a method to the `person` object and demonstrate that `student` also has access to it.
43 Create a function that determines whether a number is Oddish or Evenish. A number is Oddish if the sum of all of its digits is odd, and a number is Evenish if the sum of all of its digits is even. If a number is Oddish, return "Oddish". Otherwise, return "Evenish".oddorEven(121) = 1+2+1 = 4 , oddorEven(41) = 4+1 = 5 //oddish
44 Given a string, reverse all the words which have odd length. The even length words are not changed.reverseOdd("Apple") => elppA ,reverseOdd("One Two Four") => enO owT Four.
45 Create a function that takes an array of objects (groceries) which calculates the total price and returns it as a number.
46 Create a function that takes an array of numbers and return "Boom!" if the digit 7 appears in the array. Otherwise, return "there is no 7 in the array".